TO DO
  — Replate the image for the LLM section with a nice tweaked image of the recursive triangles picture which is in the recursion manuscript.
  — Replace the image for "Complex histories, ..." section with something that is not a tree? For example, the table demonstrating the diachronic development of fricatives into nasals?
  — Fix the link to our group YM slides: Yucatec Maya in SBCG: A fragment,  as equal author, with Justin Bai, Kalinda Pride, and Nicholas Tomlin. Paper presented at the 24th International Conference on Head-Driven Phrase Structure Grammar, University of Kentucky, Lexington. 2017. slides
  — change the Linguistic Inquiry link on the home page after the paper gets officially accepted
  — After the LangSci volume has been published, update info, including the fact that it's been published in Berlin in my:
    — CV
    — short CV
    — résumé
    — bibliography
    — "Research" section on the website
  — Add a "Media Outreach" section to my CV after I get some media outreach, maybe related to whales
    — include the interview I gave about Kofán language revitalization at Brown
    — Did I give any interview at the Emojicon?? 
    — American Philosophical Society's discussion of my work in Sinangoé?
    — after we have a press release somewhere?
  — Add another graphic to the PG section (now the bottom half is kinda empty)
  — Replace all my published articles on lingbuzz with the published version of the open access articles? (e.g. Phonology, NLLT, etc.)
  — Put negative nominalizations handout on lingbuzz and link on my website to it?
  — Remove the papers from the research folder that are not linked to by anything.
  — Change the graphic for the diphthongs section with something that reflects my revised understanding of the timeline of changes?
  – Remove the indentation of A'ingae projects in the research list (doesn't look good given the expaded things around it)
  — Add "manuscript(_lingbuzz)" or "postprint" to the Phonology article on A'ingae stress dominance?
  — Replace the graphic for large language models with something more distinct, like an instance of recursion. Perhaps the Sierpiński triangle?
  — Perhaps replace graphic for diphthongs and their changes with a Q-theoretic tableau. (Or keep the time axis and also add the tableau?)

GUIDELINES
  1. Only include the most recent versions of research.
    a. Do not include proceedings paper if there are full research papers developed on their basis.
  2. Perhaps I can include "postprints" for all major published papers (in addition to actual links to papers).
  3. Do not include abstracts and handouts (if there are papers) or recordings of talks.
    a. However, do include alternative media, such a slides or posters.